Create routes for user creation and login (#30)
openfun/jitsi-magnify: CHANGELOG.md

- Add models to handle rooms, meetings, labels and groups
- Add a swagger view to help with front end development

> - Add a route for user creation and login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add routes for user creation, modification and login
```
